README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

# Hello react from Api

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
  - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
 - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📚🎵🎮 Hello react from Api <a name="about-project"></a>

**Blog App** in this repo, im calling the rails api from react with webpack .

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>


<details>
<summary>Backend</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>


### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>
- **set up a new database**
- **Create a table with different greetings**
- **Create an api from rails to be displayed in react**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

[Install Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/)

### Setup

Clone or download the Collectify repository to your local machine.
```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone  https://github.com/danielamoreno699/hello-rails-backend
```
Open your terminal and navigate to the cloned project directory.

### Install

This project does not require additional dependencies, just Ruby interpreter. However, it uses RuboCop as a linter and you should set it up as well.

```sh
bundle install
npm install
```


### Usage
 
To run the project, navigate to the project directory and execute the following command:

```sh
  bundle install
  rails db:create db:migrate rails server
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

Run the following command
```sh
rspec spec/
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Daniela Moreno**

- GitHub: [@daniela](https://github.com/danielamoreno699)
- LinkedIn: [Daniela Moreno](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniela-moreno-06a139124/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="features"></a>

- **Integral Testing** The application will be tested with RSpec and Jest.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions to the User Interface are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue on the project repository.

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give us a star ⭐️

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

Special thanks to our team and the Ruby community for their support and contributions

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

fix linters and add link

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

# Hello react from Api

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
  - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
 - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📚🎵🎮 Hello react from Api <a name="about-project"></a>

**Hello react from api** in this repo, im calling the rails api from react with webpack .

link to hello-rails-front-end: https://github.com/danielamoreno699/hello-rails-frontend

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>


<details>
<summary>Backend</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>


### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>
- **set up a new database**
- **Create a table with different greetings**
- **Create an api from rails to be displayed in react**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

[Install Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/)

### Setup

Clone or download the Collectify repository to your local machine.
```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone  https://github.com/danielamoreno699/hello-rails-backend
```
Open your terminal and navigate to the cloned project directory.

### Install

This project does not require additional dependencies, just Ruby interpreter. However, it uses RuboCop as a linter and you should set it up as well.

```sh
bundle install
npm install
```


### Usage
 
To run the project, navigate to the project directory and execute the following command:

```sh
  bundle install
  rails db:create db:migrate rails server
  rails operating in port 3000
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

Run the following command
```sh
rspec spec/
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Daniela Moreno**

- GitHub: [@daniela](https://github.com/danielamoreno699)
- LinkedIn: [Daniela Moreno](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniela-moreno-06a139124/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="features"></a>

- **Integral Testing** The application will be tested with RSpec and Jest.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions to the User Interface are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue on the project repository.

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give us a star ⭐️

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

Special thanks to our team and the Ruby community for their support and contributions

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
